Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2

Intorduction:

	HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol. it is the basis for almost all web applications. HTTP is the method that the computers and servers use to request and send information.

HTTP1.1 :

	The first version of HTTP was created in 1997. this first version of HTTP was called HTTP1.1. This version is still in use on the web. 

HTTP2 :

	In 2015, a new version of HTTP called HTTP2 was created.HTTP2 solves several problems that the creators of HTTP1.1 did not anticipate.it is much faster and more efficient than HTTP1.1.
	
Difference Between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2:

	Multiplexing: 

	HTTP1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it.  HTTP2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send 	multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource. HTTP2 does this by splitting data into binary-code messages and numbering these messages so that 	the client knows which stream each binary message belongs to.
	
	Server push:

	HTTP2 solves this problem by allowing a server to "push" content to a client before the client asks for it. The server also sends a message letting the client know what pushed 	content to expect – like if X had sent Y a Table of Contents of his novel before sending the whole thing.
	
	Header compression:

	Small files load more quickly than large ones. To speed up web performance, both HTTP1.1 and HTTP2 compress HTTP messages to make them smaller. HTTP2 uses a more advanced 	compression method called HPACK that eliminates redundant information in HTTP header packets. This eliminates a few bytes from every HTTP packet. Given the volume of HTTP packets 	involved in loading even a single webpage, those bytes add up quickly, resulting in faster loading.
	
	Prioritization: 

	Prioritization refers to the order in which pieces of content are loaded. Prioritization affects a webpage's load time. For example, certain resources, like large JavaScript files, 	may block the rest of the page from loading if they have to load first. More of the page can load at once if these render-blocking resources load last. In HTTP2, developers have 	hands-on, detailed control over prioritization. This allows them to maximize perceived and actual page load speed to a degree that was not possible in HTTP1.1. HTTP2 offers a 	feature called weighted prioritization. This allows developers to decide which page resources will load first, every time.